[docs] Improve getting-started page (#5293)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/getting-started/getting-started.md

### Setup

#### Package installation

You need to install 3 different types of package to make the pickers work:

1. **The component** (`@mui/x-date-pickers` or `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro`) which manages the rendering.
2. **The date-library** ([`moment`](https://momentjs.com/), [`dayjs`](https://day.js.org/), ...) which manages the date manipulation.

> 3. **The adapter** ([`@date-io`](https://github.com/dmtrKovalenko/date-io#projects)) expose your favorite **date-library** under a unified api used by **component**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **The adapter** ([`@date-io`](https://github.com/dmtrKovalenko/date-io#projects)) which exposes your favorite **date-library** under a unified api used by **component**.
```

Or remove the `which` from the other two ?

First you have to install the date-library you want to use to manage dates, and the component package:

{{"demo": "Instructions.js", "bg": "inline", "hideToolbar": true, "disableAd": true}}

We currently support 4 different date-libraries:

- [date-fns](https://date-fns.org/) adapted by `@date-io/date-fns`.
- [Day.js](https://day.js.org/) adapted by `@date-io/dayjs`.
- [Luxon](https://moment.github.io/luxon/#/) adapted by `@date-io/luxon`.
- [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) adapted by `@date-io/moment`.

If you need to use `js-joda`, `date-fns-jalali`, `moment-jalaali`, or `moment-hijri` library, you should be able to find the corresponding date-library from [`@date-io`](https://github.com/dmtrKovalenko/date-io#projects).
In such a case, you will have to install both the _date-library_ and the corresponding `@date-io` adapter.

```jsx
// To use moment-jalaali
yarn add moment-jalaali

> yarn add @date-io/jalaali

Reviewer: Maybe add a section to fully cover https://github.com/mui/mui-x/issues/5290 saying that if date-io does not contain any adapter for your date library, you can create one and the date-io team will help you ?

Author: I added the section
